# Drugs 
Chillax’s Organized Crime has a unique drug mod. That is being constantly updated and developed, so check back often to see what's been added and how it all works. There are currently a handful of different drugs you can make. This is where you will learn how to make them all and what exactly they are.
#### OG Kush 
Now Og Kush is a drug with some History this drug is made from simple ingredients. 1 Grass on top of 1 Paper will make 1 OG Kush, it's simple and easy to make. This drug is the ideal for starting off.	
#### Tobacco
Tobacco starts off as a seed and grows into a tobacco leaf, you then proceed to dry the leaf in a Drier to obtain the dried tobacco leaf. Two of these leafs, 6 Rolling Paper and 1 Filter will then be crafted into a Tobacco Cigar. However if you’re feeling a little frisky and want to take it to another level you can put 20 Tobacco Cigars into a Compactor this will give you a Cigar Pack. It’s easier to carry an inventory of them than a bunch of cigars. Maybe you’re not a fan of smoking. That’s okay if you want you can also put the dried tobacco leaf into a Grinder to make tobacco powder, this will give you 4 powder. With this you’ll need to go back to the Compactor and put 16 powder in it and this will create 1 container of Dip. Those are currently the uses for tobacco. 
#### Weed 
Now Weed starts off as a simple little seed and grows into a beautiful green crop. From that crop you will acquire a leaf of weed, with this freshly grown leaf we place it into the Grinder. To obtain grounded weed, 2 of these with 6 Rolling Paper and a Filter will make 5 Joints of Weed. Put 20 Joints in a Compactor to make a Baggy of Joints. 
#### Cocaine 
Coca, Fairy dust, Blow, Speedball, Nose Candy, Snow, they all mean the same thing… Cocaine. Now Cocaine takes a few steps to make, so stick with us. Firstly you’ll need to acquire a Coca leaf, plant it on sand, (they act like cactus so space them out). Once it grows, harvest it by breaking the base, with the new Coca leaf you’ll need to dry it out in a Drier. Once dried you will have Dried Coca leaves, with these we gotta put them in a Grinder. That will give you 1 Coca Powder, now you’ll need to acquire some sugar. With the Sugar and Coca Powder, place them both in the Industrial Oven, this will turn it into… Crack Cocaine now you just gotta put that into the grinder and bamn Cocaine Powder now you’re done, unless you want to turn it into a Brick of Cocaine, then you need to put 8 Cocaine Powder into a Compactor to make 1 Brick of Cocaine.
#### Shrooms 
Shrooms, the magical mush. There are two types of Shrooms, the regular Shroom and the Spiked Shroom. To make the regular Shroom, you will need 1 brown mushroom, 1 red mushroom and 1 Sugar. Put these into an Industrial Oven to make 1 regular Shroom. Now to make Spike Shroom, you will need one regular Shroom and 2 Cocaine Powder. Place them into an Industrial Oven and it will make 1 Spiked Shroom.
## Drug Manufacturing 
